Update create-user-defined-functions-database-engine.md (#10097)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/user-defined-functions/create-user-defined-functions-database-engine.md

- User-defined functions can't make use of dynamic SQL or temp tables. Table variables are allowed.

> - `SET` statements aren't allowed in a user-defined function, e.g. `SET NOCOUNT ON;`. Variable value assignment can use `SET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SET` statements aren't allowed in a user-defined function (for example, `SET NOCOUNT ON;`). Variable value assignment can use `SET`.
```
